[MUSIC PLAYING]
MATT: So I had this problem
where I was terrible
at just open source in general,
because people would raise
issues on random repos and
stuff that I'd done or been
a part of, and then I'd
never respond, because I just
never knew that it existed.
And I tried the GitHub
notification UI at one point.
It was super noisy.
And then emails, but then
that would be super noisy.
And nothing worked.
Whereas Octobox is this tool
that I've found, and I love it,
because it's literally stuck
with me for a couple of months,
if not longer, and it's working.
And I'm in love with it.
So all it is is an inbox
for your GitHub issues, pull
requests, and everything.
So as long as you're
watching a repo,
you get a long list of all the
things that are currently-- you
should be involved in or
you need to respond to.
And it's great,
because it tracks--
down here, all the things
at the bottom, these
are super old issues,
but I know that I
need to do something with them.
Other ones, like all
the ones up here,
I haven't seen they're
new, and they're all--
well, basically, I need
to do something with them.
And I'm in love with it.
Because as soon as you're
done with something,
you just check it, mark it off.
There we go.
We got some new ones there.
You can even start and
create a little list
of additional things.
ADDY: That's super nice.
MATT: But it's gotten to a point
now where I can basically--
the minute I have time to
do a load of GitHub issue
sorting out, I can just
go here, refresh it,
go through all my lists, and
then get through everything.
And then I'm like,
done, go away.
And then later on, come
back, and then I've
got a new list of things.
It's amazing.
If you haven't checked it
out, you definitely should.
For me, I'm in love with it.
ADDY: I'll be honest.
The ability to star specific
issues is huge for me.
I gave up on the GitHub
notifications UI a little while
ago, just because there's
a lot of stuff in there.
So yeah, I'm definitely
to check that out.
MATT: The only feature
request that I've
made to them-- although
they responded super quick.
They were like, yeah, it's way
harder than you think it is.
It's if someone raises a pull
request against a new repo,
say, you'll get a
notification saying,
oh, there's a new pull
request, new thing.
That's fine.
You can go, and you'll deal with
it, and maybe you'll approve it
or what have you and leave it.
Once that pull
request gets merged--
and maybe it's a
fix or an issue,
so the issue will be
closed-- you'll suddenly
get two notifications.
One will be for the
issue that's closed,
and the other one will be the
pull request that's merged.
There's a bit--
I could auto archive them if I
knew that that's what happened.
But it's not surfaced anywhere.
But beyond that, this
thing is perfect for me.
I love it.
The other tool, and the
reason they got a new update,
is Greenkeeper.
The change that they've made
it's much more integrated with
get GitHub now in terms
of just being an app,
and it is amazing.
So what Greenkeeper does is it
manages all your MPM modules.
So if there's a new
version, it will
create a new PR that
will basically say here's
the version being
pumped for you.
Love it.
So now all you have
to do is you can just
go through their
process, configure it,
and it will basically sit there
and give you all of the repos
that you want to enable it for.
So you can do it for all of
them or just a select few.
I just handpicked the ones I
know that I want to babysit.
ADDY: So how reliable
is this in general?
MATT: So I've been
using this probably
for about six months
to 12 months now,
as well as the
older version, which
was just a slightly more
fiddlier way of setting it up.
But it's been immensely
helpful for me.
I haven't had any
problems with it.
Because all it's doing
is literally going,
MPM is updated.
Here's a fork.
The only thing, I think, is
if you don't have any tests,
I think it will auto approve
the pull request unless it's
a major version
bunk, in which case
they're like, this is
completely out of your package's
versioning that
you're going to allow.
So therefore, we'll
just simply say
you need to approve this or not,
because it's probably not cool.
ADDY: So when you
say auto approve,
does that mean it will modify
your repo directly itself?
MATT: Yes, it will
approve the pull request
if your tests pass.
Yes.
But the flip side is what
this is actually meaning is--
let's say you said
install version 2.0.0,
and you allow any minor or
patch release to be approved.
Users are already getting that.
ADDY: OK.
So you're still
sort of in control.
MATT: Yeah.
Chances are, as well,
you could probably
configure it not
to auto approve.
But like I say, if
my tests are passing,
I'm actually like, yeah, OK,
you can just bump that up.
It's good.
ADDY: That's kind of cool.
MATT: I like it.
And the plus side is if it
fails, it won't approve it.
At that point, you also
know you have a problem,
and then it's in my update box.
And then I'm so happy.
ADDY: Nice.
MATT: And you were saying there
was something else as well.
ADDY: There are so
many tools around Git.
There's-- there's Source Tree.
There's Tower.
Back in the day,
I used Hub a lot.
Hub is really nice
because it will
save you having to
type out or even paste
in the complete URL for a repo.
You can just get clone dot
files or whatever have you,
and it will know to clone
your username's dot files.
And it will shorten anything
else that you need to clone.
It also lets you do
things like browse
the issues for the current
repository that you're on
and do all sorts of
other fun things.
It's a really nice helper tool
for open source maintainers.
MATT: Yeah, nice.
It's kind of like a set like
of command line utilities
that you can just get.
ADDY: Yeah.
MATT: Nice.
ADDY: And if folks
are on the go,
and they also want to check out
their repos and their issues
and diffs and stuff like
that, Houssein Djirdeh
released Gitpoint, gitpoint.co,
which is a react native app.
It lets you-- basically,
it's a GitHub viewer for iOS.
So folks can check
that out as well.
MATT: Yeah.
I just noticed that Octobox does
have a mobile optimized version
as well.
So you can technically use it
on the go if you wanted to.
ADDY: That's fancy.
MATT: But yeah, I don't know.
I love these little
GitHub tips and tricks
and random things that make it
a bit easier for my work flow.
ADDY: So what's your
GitHub work flow?
We'd like to hear from you.
We'd like to read about
any other aliases or tools
or tricks that you've got.
MATT: Yeah.
If we can steal them,
that would be great.